10 days, how dare you come?
Today I make you kneel before me
Longyuan
Long Yuan, hurry up
The principal has planted a lot of experts around my house
If you don't go, you will die
It's okay, you can't do anything to me with that bunch of trash
Today I'm going to make everyone beat you
Don't hit anyone who bullies you
Prodigal, you are the trash
It's a bit thick
Who allowed you to sabotage the engagement ceremony?
Kneel down and kowtow to everyone immediately
Mrs. Xiang has stayed in this place forever
You soft-eating trash
Xiao family does not want
Winners don't throw the door
Can the Tang family want a trash like you?
Never allowed to enter the door of my Pang family
You are Miaoyin's mother, right?
Take your daughter's happiness to cling to the powerful
You don't deserve to be a mother
And you.
Pang Haishan
You are the one who forced him to marry Xiao Lingqing, right?
I will make you pay today
Xiao Lingqing, you are so loud
Aren't you just relying on Wan Guohao to support you behind your back?
I tell you what?
Wan Guohao is nothing to me now
It's you who's talking big, right?
Wan Guohao is not even a fart
Don't you know the power of the Universal Chamber of Commerce?
Of course I know.
But Wan Guohao is nothing in front of Tianmen
What kind of existence does Tianmen have in the building?
The Lord God of Tianmen is the first in the building
Don't you think it's good?
Tianmen is the first existence of my building
No one can live if Tianmen lets anyone die
That's right, if Tianmen makes a move
That Wan Guohao doesn't even have the ability to resist
Tianmen is amazing, what does he have to do with you?
Two days later.
Tianmen will hold a Tianmen banquet in Gusu Courtyard
The Lord of God appointed Xiao to attend the Tianmen Banquet
And the head of the banquet
This shows that the Lord God values my news very much
Li Rongyuan, why are you relying on Wan Guohao?
What is it in the presence of God?
At the Tianmen Banquet
I will report to God
The thing about you and Wan Guohao
Then Major Xiao will become
The new president of the Universal Chamber of Commerce
Even if the Holy King of Qingluan builds
Then the master will also give three points.
You think too much.
Ninja Lord has never been reliable for you
Wan Guohao will not be ousted either
Losing this Heavenly Gate Banquet is your God of Death
Oh, dear.
What do you know, you soft rice eater?
God wants to destroy General Xiao
Why Tianmen Banquet?
Clan Leader Fang, drive these fanatics out
Hugh let him stain my ears
Exactly.
Arrogant people like this should be beaten out with sticks
Stick out
Xiao Lintian, I will let him die in front of me today
Come
Yue Longyue, aren't you very good at fighting?
I'll see how good you are today
Long Yue, hurry up
This is me pouring soup.
You're not going to live anymore, go away
I beg you to let me go
As long as you let go of the tires
You can ask me to do anything
If you don't let him go, you are mine